I graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a degree in applied math, and am currently at the University of British Columbia. My intention is to pursue a PhD to become a climate scientist with the goal of providing information to policy makers to incite actionable change. I have many, many interests that only seem to be growing. My ultimate goal is to increase our understanding of the climate system through scientific computing. Questions that peak my curioisty include: 
 I am most interested in studying climate tipping points related to Arctic ice melt (long term effects on the Southern Ocean from ice melt), water scarcity issues (groundwater scarcity, water loss from glaciers, streamflow predictions, global modeling of water resources, microplastics in waste-water), modeling extreme weather events (floods, droughts)

 climate tipping points related to the Atlantic Meriodonal Overturning Circulation (AMOC) and the Arctic, 

I graduated from the University of Pittsburgh in May 2023 with a degree in applied math and related coursework in computer science. My intention is to pursue a masters degree in mathematics to transition into the field of climate dynamics. In this realm, I am interested in modeling complex mathematical problems related atmospheric science, hydrology, or oceanography. In particular, my interests are broad and stem across researching Arctic-ocean ice interactions, climate tipping points, or water scarcity issues. I hope to hone in on a specific problem during my masters, and my ultimate goal is to pursue a PhD to become a climate scientist. 
